1804 views not preserved (#1816)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

### viewGroup
- **type**: string
- **description**: allows you to associate nodes to be rendered in the same iframe, as long as they belong to the same origin. 

> The value of this parameter is considered as the view group id. If you want to use this feature, you must configure [preloadViewGroups](navigation-advanced.md#preloadViewGroups) 
> (value true) and provide a preload ulr for you view group id in setting  [viewGroupsSettings](navigation-advanced.md##viewGroupsSettings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of this parameter is considered as the view group ID. If you want to use this feature, you must set [preloadViewGroups](navigation-advanced.md#preloadViewGroups) to `true` and provide a preload URL for your view group ID in [viewGroupsSettings](navigation-advanced.md##viewGroupsSettings).
```

For further explanations, see [this section](navigation-configuration.md#view-groups). 

> - **example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **example:**
```
